Rajasthan-Hackathon-4.0-E-mitra
PROBLEM STATEMENT : SCRUTINISING THE DELAY IN THE SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH E-MITRA

-> The task of scutinising and analysing the services provided to the customer through e-mitra is done by "E-Feedback". -> This feature is only for authorities and officials. -> We are assuming that the most basic data in the database of a particular service will be userid,name,date_of_apply,date_of_issue,district,contact. -> We are using date_of_apply and date_of_issue for analysing the particular service. -> We have taken two services ration card and bhamashah card as a demo. -> The average delay(in no. of days) has been calculated using datediff() function. -> The delay as compared to the specified duration provided by the government is often high. -> We are analysing this through bar graph for different services and for different districts. -> Further we are also comparing the delay of different districts individually. -> For a particular service,and for a particular district year-wise average delay is represented through bar graph. -> For a particular service,the average delay of different districts is represented through bar graph. ->Further we can analyze our system at different substages. -> For eg: for issuing a ration card, the application has to be processed through five different stages.The delay for each sub-stage can be rectified.

ADVANTAGES- ->Data in the form of bar graphs can be analyzed easily. ->Scutinisation helps in preventing delays. ->Brings more transparency in the system. ->Saves time of applicants. ->Better access to information and quality services for citizens without delay. ->Feature is applicable to all other sectors.

TECHNOLOGY STACK USED- ->HTML ->CSS ->PHP ->CANVAS.JS ->MYSQL
